Hi people
welcome to one more episode of
locker room exchange
I'm going to take this video today to help
you who are afraid of exchange and who will
to go through a commemorative model
birthday of a relative
mother father brother away from home because besides the
tango
So, for example, today is the anniversary of
my mother and I'm here in my place is in
Brazil the way I chose to
celebrate her birthday
I was making a video posted on the
So I'll show her facebook
you a video for purposes
I hope you like it and that it
inspire the exchange students to
make your own parents or mothers of you
For you, on this dear date.
I had to take care of myself
River
It was only on the morning that he sang
be the saint day after the sing m
free map brings me to discuss my surroundings
so I have not sang of amanda
I give many sympathies many years of
life to the same for spain
to paint the ball walk in the middle of
championship though to follow the profession
two the chamber said that Brazil will do
would tribute his tribute to the
scouting hills here the map was not
happy with earnings
for happiness
from time to happy birthday mom is
a lot and you got everything my video got
subscribe to my channel and click like
if you have any suggestions and
background because the next video and favor
to comment here on the channel
youtube kiss until the next